docs: adding docs for online algorithms (#2615)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/algorithms/decomposition/pca.rst

#. Covariance (or Correlation)
#. Singular Value Decomposition (SVD)

.. _pca_p_math:

Partial Training
----------------

> Given a block of a training data set :math:`X = \{ x_1, \ldots, x_n \}` with :math:`n` feature vectors of dimension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a block of a :math:`X = \{ x_1, \ldots, x_n \}` training data set with :math:`n` feature vectors of :math:`p` dimension,
```

> Given a block of a :math:`X = \{ x_1, \ldots, x_n \}` training data set with :math:`n` feature vectors of :math:`p` dimension,

Reviewer 2: Don't we have a convention to mark bold the vector values like this?
```suggestion
Given a block of a :math:`X = \{ \mathbf{x}_1, \ldots, \mathbf{x}_n \}` training data set with :math:`n` feature vectors of :math:`p` dimension,
```

:math:`p`, the problem is to compute :math:`r` principal directions (:math:`p`-dimensional eigenvectors [Lang87]_) of the

> training date set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
training data set.
```

The partial products can be computed with any of the following two methods:

#. Covariance (or Correlation)
#. Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) (CPU only)

.. _pca_f_math:

Finalize Training
-----------------
Given a partial result.

> The principal components can be computed with any of the following two methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compute the principal components, use any of the following two methods:
```
